#branchname_servicename         docker-machine-host     docker-compose directory                auto-deploy?

# Dev
dev_accountstore                trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_api                         trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_auth                        trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_chat                        trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_checker                     trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_core                        trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_core                        trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_elasticsync                 trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_fetcher                     trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_mail                        trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_mandible                    trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_payments                    trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_push                        trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_savetrend                   trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_sms                         trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_telebot                     trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_trendcoin                   trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true
dev_wantit                      trendever-dev           ../devops/docker/dev.trendever.com              true

# Bot (fetcher-only)
master_fetcher                  trendever-bot           ../devops/docker/bot.trendever.com              false

# Live1
master_accountstore             trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false 
master_api                      trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_auth                     trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_chat                     trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_checker                  trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_core                     trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_core                     trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_elasticsync              trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_mail                     trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_mandible                 trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_payments                 trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_push                     trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_savetrend                trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_sms                      trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_telebot                  trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_trendcoin                trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
master_wantit                   trendever-live1         ../devops/docker/trendever.com                  false
